Add `artur-shaik/jc.nvim` (#2427)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [neolooong/whichpy.nvim](https://github.com/neolooong/whichpy.nvim) - Switch Python interpreter without restarting LSP.
- [nvim-java/nvim-java](https://github.com/nvim-java/nvim-java) - Everything you need for a painless Java experience.
- [clang-engineer/jvm-env.nvim](https://github.com/clang-engineer/jvm-env.nvim) - Auto-detects installed JDKs by major version, with separate environment variables for jdtls and Gradle.

> - [artur-shaik/jc.nvim](https://github.com/artur-shaik/jc.nvim) - Java productivity layer on top of an externally managed jdtls: class creation, code generation, annotation-by-search, refactorings, a neotest test runner and a gradle/maven task runner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [artur-shaik/jc.nvim](https://github.com/artur-shaik/jc.nvim) - Java productivity layer on top of an externally managed `jdtls`, including class creation, code generation, annotation by search, refactoring, a neotest test runner, and a task runner for `gradle` and `maven`.
```
